1. suara
Make corrections on the original benar
Make copies
Deliver the copies to Mr.Brown
Find the original
2. suara
She was Sally Harrison's cousin
She was Sally Harrison's sister benar
She was Sally Harrison's friend
She was Sally Harrison
3. suara
The desk drawer won't open
The pen is out of ink
She cannot find her pen benar
She is angry with the man
4. suara
John is usually late benar
John will be there at eight-thirty
John will not show up
John is usually on time
5. suara
She does not agree with the man
She needs a larger home
She regrets the cost of their vacation benar
She thinks that houses are very expensive
6. suara
He did not make a presentation
He got confused during the presentation benar
He should have spoken more loudly
He did a very complete job
7. Although beavers rarely remain submerged for more than two minutes, they can stay underwater ___ fifteen minutes before having to surface for air.
as long
as long as benar
so long
so long that
8. Protein digestion begins in the stomach ____ ends in the small intestine.
while
and benar
how
because
9. Celery, an [edible](A) plant [is having](B) long stalks [topped](C) with feathery leaves, grows [best](D) in cool weather
A.
B. benar
C.
D.
10. The first fiction [writer](A) in the United States to [achieve](B) international [fame](C) was Washington Irving, who wrote many stories, [included](D) “Rip Van Winkle” and “The Legend of Sleepy Hollow”.
A.
B.
C.
D. benar
11. Three fundamental aspects of [forest conversation](A) are the protection of immature trees, the use [of proper](B) harvesting methods, and [provide](C) for an environment [that supports](D) reproduction
A.
B.
C. benar
D.
12. (1)The mineral particles found in soil range in size from microscopic clay particles to large boulders. The most abundant particles—sand, silt, and clay—are the focus of examination in studies of soil texture. Texture is the term used to describe the composite sizes of particles in a soil sample, typically several representative handrails. To measure soil texture, the sand, silt, and clay particles are sorted out by size and weight. The weights of each size are then expressed as a percentage of the sample weight. (2)In the field, soil texture can be estimated by extracting a handful of sod and squeezing the damp soil into three basic shapes; [1] cast, a lump formed by squeezing a sample in a clenched fist; [2] thread, a pencil shape formed by rolling soil between the palms; and [3] ribbon, a flattish shape formed by squeezing a small sample between the thumb and index finger. The behavioral characteristics of the soil when molded into each of these shapes if they can be formed at all, provides the basis for a general textural classification. The behavior of the soil in the hand test is determined by the amount of clay in the sample. Clay particles are highly cohesive, and when dampened, behave as a plastic. Therefore the higher the clay content in a sample, the more refined and durable the shapes into which it can be molded. (3)Another method of determining soil texture involves the use of devices called sediment sieves, screens built with a specified mesh size. When the soil is filtered through a group of sieves, each with a different mesh size, the particles become grouped in corresponding size categories. Each category can be weighed to make a textural determination. Although sieves work well for silt, sand, and larger particles, they are not appropriate for clay particles. Clay is far too small to sieve accurately; therefore, in soils with a high proportion of clay, the fine particles are measured on the basis of their settling velocity when suspended in water. Since clays settle so slowly, they are easily segregated from sand and silt. The water can be drawn off and evaporated, leaving a residue of clay, which can be weighed. -> [What does the passage mainly discuss?]
Characteristics of high quality soil
Particles typically found in most soils
How a high clay content affects the texture of soil
Ways to determine the texture of soil benar
13. (1)The mineral particles found in soil range in size from microscopic clay particles to large boulders. The most abundant particles—sand, silt, and clay—are the focus of examination in studies of soil texture. Texture is the term used to describe the composite sizes of particles in a soil sample, typically several representative handrails. To measure soil texture, the sand, silt, and clay particles are sorted out by size and weight. The weights of each size are then expressed as a percentage of the sample weight. (2)In the field, soil texture can be estimated by extracting a handful of sod and squeezing the damp soil into three basic shapes; [1] cast, a lump formed by squeezing a sample in a clenched fist; [2] thread, a pencil shape formed by rolling soil between the palms; and [3] ribbon, a flattish shape formed by squeezing a small sample between the thumb and index finger. The behavioral characteristics of the soil when molded into each of these shapes if they can be formed at all, provides the basis for a general textural classification. The behavior of the soil in the hand test is determined by the amount of clay in the sample. Clay particles are highly cohesive, and when dampened, behave as a plastic. Therefore the higher the clay content in a sample, the more refined and durable the shapes into which it can be molded. (3)Another method of determining soil texture involves the use of devices called sediment sieves, screens built with a specified mesh size. When the soil is filtered through a group of sieves, each with a different mesh size, the particles become grouped in corresponding size categories. Each category can be weighed to make a textural determination. Although sieves work well for silt, sand, and larger particles, they are not appropriate for clay particles. Clay is far too small to sieve accurately; therefore, in soils with a high proportion of clay, the fine particles are measured on the basis of their settling velocity when suspended in water. Since clays settle so slowly, they are easily segregated from sand and silt. The water can be drawn off and evaporated, leaving a residue of clay, which can be weighed. -> [The author mentions “several representative handrails” in paragraph 1 in order to show]
the range of soil samples benar
the process by which soil is weighed
the requirements for an adequate soil sample
how small soil particles are
14. (1)The mineral particles found in soil range in size from microscopic clay particles to large boulders. The most abundant particles—sand, silt, and clay—are the focus of examination in studies of soil texture. Texture is the term used to describe the composite sizes of particles in a soil sample, typically several representative handrails. To measure soil texture, the sand, silt, and clay particles are sorted out by size and weight. The weights of each size are then expressed as a percentage of the sample weight. (2)In the field, soil texture can be estimated by extracting a handful of sod and squeezing the damp soil into three basic shapes; [1] cast, a lump formed by squeezing a sample in a clenched fist; [2] thread, a pencil shape formed by rolling soil between the palms; and [3] ribbon, a flattish shape formed by squeezing a small sample between the thumb and index finger. The behavioral characteristics of the soil when molded into each of these shapes if they can be formed at all, provides the basis for a general textural classification. The behavior of the soil in the hand test is determined by the amount of clay in the sample. Clay particles are highly cohesive, and when dampened, behave as a plastic. Therefore the higher the clay content in a sample, the more refined and durable the shapes into which it can be molded. (3)Another method of determining soil texture involves the use of devices called sediment sieves, screens built with a specified mesh size. When the soil is filtered through a group of sieves, each with a different mesh size, the particles become grouped in corresponding size categories. Each category can be weighed to make a textural determination. Although sieves work well for silt, sand, and larger particles, they are not appropriate for clay particles. Clay is far too small to sieve accurately; therefore, in soils with a high proportion of clay, the fine particles are measured on the basis of their settling velocity when suspended in water. Since clays settle so slowly, they are easily segregated from sand and silt. The water can be drawn off and evaporated, leaving a residue of clay, which can be weighed. -> [The phrase “sorted out” in paragraph 1 is closest in meaning to]
mixed
replaced
carried
separated benar
15. (1)The mineral particles found in soil range in size from microscopic clay particles to large boulders. The most abundant particles—sand, silt, and clay—are the focus of examination in studies of soil texture. Texture is the term used to describe the composite sizes of particles in a soil sample, typically several representative handrails. To measure soil texture, the sand, silt, and clay particles are sorted out by size and weight. The weights of each size are then expressed as a percentage of the sample weight. (2)In the field, soil texture can be estimated by extracting a handful of sod and squeezing the damp soil into three basic shapes; [1] cast, a lump formed by squeezing a sample in a clenched fist; [2] thread, a pencil shape formed by rolling soil between the palms; and [3] ribbon, a flattish shape formed by squeezing a small sample between the thumb and index finger. The behavioral characteristics of the soil when molded into each of these shapes if they can be formed at all, provides the basis for a general textural classification. The behavior of the soil in the hand test is determined by the amount of clay in the sample. Clay particles are highly cohesive, and when dampened, behave as a plastic. Therefore the higher the clay content in a sample, the more refined and durable the shapes into which it can be molded. (3)Another method of determining soil texture involves the use of devices called sediment sieves, screens built with a specified mesh size. When the soil is filtered through a group of sieves, each with a different mesh size, the particles become grouped in corresponding size categories. Each category can be weighed to make a textural determination. Although sieves work well for silt, sand, and larger particles, they are not appropriate for clay particles. Clay is far too small to sieve accurately; therefore, in soils with a high proportion of clay, the fine particles are measured on the basis of their settling velocity when suspended in water. Since clays settle so slowly, they are easily segregated from sand and silt. The water can be drawn off and evaporated, leaving a residue of clay, which can be weighed. -> [It can be inferred that the names of the three basic shapes mentioned in paragraph 2 reflect]
the way the soil is extracted
the results of squeezing the soil benar
the need to check more than one handful
the diffi culty of forming different shapes
16. (1)The mineral particles found in soil range in size from microscopic clay particles to large boulders. The most abundant particles—sand, silt, and clay—are the focus of examination in studies of soil texture. Texture is the term used to describe the composite sizes of particles in a soil sample, typically several representative handrails. To measure soil texture, the sand, silt, and clay particles are sorted out by size and weight. The weights of each size are then expressed as a percentage of the sample weight. (2)In the field, soil texture can be estimated by extracting a handful of sod and squeezing the damp soil into three basic shapes; [1] cast, a lump formed by squeezing a sample in a clenched fist; [2] thread, a pencil shape formed by rolling soil between the palms; and [3] ribbon, a flattish shape formed by squeezing a small sample between the thumb and index finger. The behavioral characteristics of the soil when molded into each of these shapes if they can be formed at all, provides the basis for a general textural classification. The behavior of the soil in the hand test is determined by the amount of clay in the sample. Clay particles are highly cohesive, and when dampened, behave as a plastic. Therefore the higher the clay content in a sample, the more refined and durable the shapes into which it can be molded. (3)Another method of determining soil texture involves the use of devices called sediment sieves, screens built with a specified mesh size. When the soil is filtered through a group of sieves, each with a different mesh size, the particles become grouped in corresponding size categories. Each category can be weighed to make a textural determination. Although sieves work well for silt, sand, and larger particles, they are not appropriate for clay particles. Clay is far too small to sieve accurately; therefore, in soils with a high proportion of clay, the fine particles are measured on the basis of their settling velocity when suspended in water. Since clays settle so slowly, they are easily segregated from sand and silt. The water can be drawn off and evaporated, leaving a residue of clay, which can be weighed. -> [The word “dampened” in paragraph 2 is closest in meaning to]
damaged
stretched
moistened benar
examined
17. (1)The mineral particles found in soil range in size from microscopic clay particles to large boulders. The most abundant particles—sand, silt, and clay—are the focus of examination in studies of soil texture. Texture is the term used to describe the composite sizes of particles in a soil sample, typically several representative handrails. To measure soil texture, the sand, silt, and clay particles are sorted out by size and weight. The weights of each size are then expressed as a percentage of the sample weight. (2)In the field, soil texture can be estimated by extracting a handful of sod and squeezing the damp soil into three basic shapes; [1] cast, a lump formed by squeezing a sample in a clenched fist; [2] thread, a pencil shape formed by rolling soil between the palms; and [3] ribbon, a flattish shape formed by squeezing a small sample between the thumb and index finger. The behavioral characteristics of the soil when molded into each of these shapes if they can be formed at all, provides the basis for a general textural classification. The behavior of the soil in the hand test is determined by the amount of clay in the sample. Clay particles are highly cohesive, and when dampened, behave as a plastic. Therefore the higher the clay content in a sample, the more refined and durable the shapes into which it can be molded. (3)Another method of determining soil texture involves the use of devices called sediment sieves, screens built with a specified mesh size. When the soil is filtered through a group of sieves, each with a different mesh size, the particles become grouped in corresponding size categories. Each category can be weighed to make a textural determination. Although sieves work well for silt, sand, and larger particles, they are not appropriate for clay particles. Clay is far too small to sieve accurately; therefore, in soils with a high proportion of clay, the fine particles are measured on the basis of their settling velocity when suspended in water. Since clays settle so slowly, they are easily segregated from sand and silt. The water can be drawn off and evaporated, leaving a residue of clay, which can be weighed. -> [Which of the following can be inferred from the passage about a soil sample with little or no clay in it?]
It is not very heavy
It may not hold its shape when molded benar
Its shape is durable
Its texture cannot be classified
18. (1)The mineral particles found in soil range in size from microscopic clay particles to large boulders. The most abundant particles—sand, silt, and clay—are the focus of examination in studies of soil texture. Texture is the term used to describe the composite sizes of particles in a soil sample, typically several representative handrails. To measure soil texture, the sand, silt, and clay particles are sorted out by size and weight. The weights of each size are then expressed as a percentage of the sample weight. (2)In the field, soil texture can be estimated by extracting a handful of sod and squeezing the damp soil into three basic shapes; [1] cast, a lump formed by squeezing a sample in a clenched fist; [2] thread, a pencil shape formed by rolling soil between the palms; and [3] ribbon, a flattish shape formed by squeezing a small sample between the thumb and index finger. The behavioral characteristics of the soil when molded into each of these shapes if they can be formed at all, provides the basis for a general textural classification. The behavior of the soil in the hand test is determined by the amount of clay in the sample. Clay particles are highly cohesive, and when dampened, behave as a plastic. Therefore the higher the clay content in a sample, the more refined and durable the shapes into which it can be molded. (3)Another method of determining soil texture involves the use of devices called sediment sieves, screens built with a specified mesh size. When the soil is filtered through a group of sieves, each with a different mesh size, the particles become grouped in corresponding size categories. Each category can be weighed to make a textural determination. Although sieves work well for silt, sand, and larger particles, they are not appropriate for clay particles. Clay is far too small to sieve accurately; therefore, in soils with a high proportion of clay, the fine particles are measured on the basis of their settling velocity when suspended in water. Since clays settle so slowly, they are easily segregated from sand and silt. The water can be drawn off and evaporated, leaving a residue of clay, which can be weighed. -> [During the procedure described in paragraph 3, when clay particles are placed into water they]
stick to the sides of the water container
take some time to sink to the bottom benar
separate into different sizes
dissolve quickly