1. suara
They were displeased
They found it sad
They thought it was shocking, but very funny benar
They became angry at the promiscuity
2. suara
To the beach
To a play
To a movie theater
To a restaurant benar
3. suara
He's dying
He doesn't hear too well benar
He was at a party
He was reading something important
4. suara
The class thought the demonstration was too complex
Too many students showed up
The professor didn't show up
The professor canceled it benar
5. suara
It's more direct
There's a trafic jam
It's faster benar
It's less expensive
6. suara
He got a one-way plane ticket
He went the wrong direction on a one-way street benar
He made an improper turn
He slowed down at the wrong time
7. suara
Susan Flannigan is in a bell-ringing group
Her name sounds familiar benar
Susan Flannigan is ringing the bell now
Her name sounds melodic
8. suara
Roy's standing in line for a gold medal
Roy was the best, so he got a gold medal
Nobody's better than Roy at getting gold medals
Roy probably won't win a gold medal benar
9. suara
The cartridge does not need to be replaced
He does not intend to change the cartridge benar
He already changed the cartridge
He is uncomfortable because the woman is watching him
10. suara
Every week, there are three direct flights from Atlanta to Chicago benar
Next, week, the three flights from Atlanta to Chicago will be stopped
Three planes which travel from Atlanta to Chicago each week make nine stops enroute
The number of planes that travel from Atlanta to Chicago will be reduced within the next three weeks
11. suara
He is pleased because his family is coming up to see him
He is considering several maps to decide where to go
He is rather excited because he has a vacation soon benar
He is coming up to see us on his vacation
12. suara
She is angry because there is too much chlorin in the pool
The chlorine in the swimming pool bothers her eyes benar
She believes the correct amount of chlorine is essential to a clean swimming pool
She doesn't believe that there is enough chlorine at the pool
13. suara
She is uncomfortable telling the man that he is losing his job benar
She misplaced the man's papers
She is unsure when they will be moving
She hasn't decided where his office will be located
14. Audio for no.14-17 suara
Whether to introduce the metric system in the US
How the metric system should be introduced in the US benar
Which system is better --the English system or the metric system
How to convert measurements from the English system to the metric system
15. suara
Now the weather on radio and TV is reported exclusively in metrics
Road signs have miles marked on them, but not kilometers
Both the English system and the metric system are being used on signs, packages, and weather reports benar
Grocery stores use only metrics for their packaging
16. suara
He thought that a gradual adoption would be better for everyone
He thought that only metrics should be used
He thought that only the English system should be used
He thought that adult should use both systems, but that children should be taught only the metric system benar
17. suara
Unfriendly
Patronizing
Uninterested
Cooperative benar
18. Audio for no.18-21 suara
Private industry
Advances in medicine
Space missions
Technological developments benar
19. suara
Contact lenses benar
Cordless tools
Food packaging
Ultrasound
20. suara
To monitor the condition of astronauts in spacecraft
To evaluate candidates who wanted to join the space program
To check the health of astronauts when they returned from space
To test spacecraft and wquipment for imperfections benar
21. suara
Archaeologists and astronauts were compared
Astronauts made photographs of the earth later used by archaeologist benar
Archaeologists have used advances in medical technology developed for astronauts
Space missions and underwater missions are very similar