1. suara
He might break the handle on his glass
He has an advanced physical illness
The class might be to difficult for him benar
His hands have been bothering him
2. suara
Her award isn't as impressive as it seems benar
She encouraged other people from her school to apply for the scholarships
Her school has won a number of scholarships
She hopes to win the scholarship she applied for
3. suara
He already belongs to the student association
He had heard about the nomination earlier
He is not going to vote for the woman
He doesn't want to be the class president benar
4. suara
The man will be tired if he doesn't get some sleep
She can't see because her eyes are tired
She can tell the man how to get rid of the circles under his eyes
The man's physical appearance indicates that he is tired benar
5. suara
Sheila didn't make any apple pie for dessert
He didn't have time to eat any pie
There was no pie left when he went to get some benar
Sheila was gone when dessert was served
6. suara
Borrow money from Mary to buy a car
Ask Mary if he can borrow her car benar
Try Mary's car before borrowing it
Pay Mary for her car
7. suara
The man's bike should be safe under the porch benar
She will wait on the porch for the man to arrive
The man can leave his bike on her front porch
She can't see the man's bike from her house
8. suara
She only saw part of it
She couldn't wait until it was over
She didn't understand it benar
She couldn't go to see it
9. suara
He doesn't like French very well
He speaks French better than the woman does
He hasn't spent much time in France
He doesn't speak French very well benar
10. suara
He is too busy to finish everything he needs to do benar
He is rushing around now so that he will have more free time this evening
He doesn't know what to do with all of his free time
He doesn't want the woman to spend too much time rushing around
11. suara
She had enjoyed writing her thesis
She hadn't finished taking classes benar
She didn't realize how long it would take to finish her course work
She was working faster than had been expected
12. suara
He has been working at his new job for only a short time
It's time for him to apply for a new job
He hasn't always worked as hard as he could benar
It is good to know that he likes his new job so much
13. suara
Write a report about her lost purse
Go tell the police what happened benar
Go back to the department store and look for her purse
Take her purse across the street to the bank
14. Audio for no.14-17 suara
His grades have gone down
He has to go to school this summer
He doesn't like classrooms without air conditioning
He doesn't have enough money benar
15. suara
Take summer courses
Work forty hours a week
Break up with his girlfriend
Fly to England benar
16. suara
It would keep him too busy benar
It would mean that he could go to England this summer
It sounds quite romantic
It would help him pay for his meal card
17. suara
Look for a cheap airline ticket
Call his girlfriend
Sign up for summer courses
Start applying for jobs benar
18. Audio for no.18-21 suara
The use of English in shipping and aviation
The early history of English language benar
The emergence of English as a global language
The influence of the Roman Empire in Britain
19. suara
Its publishers don't have the funds to constantly update information
It is used only by speakers of English as a first language
The use of English is on the decline, so it is hard to know when to catalog new words
Many scientific and technical words are very new and haven't yet been included benar
20. suara
No one spoke English two thousand years ago benar
English has such a huge vocabulary it is hard to learn
Only one half of the world's scientific periodicals are in English
Only about 350 million people use English as a native language
21. suara
The rise and fall of the Roman Empire
Evidence that English is not very old
Problems posed by using English in aviation
Reasons why English is so widely used today benar